stop designing your website around what
you think looks good
so i've got a client that's into hosting
and he emailed about 2 000 of his
customers
and essentially did a quick survey so he
said what do you like about the site
what did you dislike what were your
suggestions um
on a scale of one to five how how well
do you think it suits your needs
and a range of other quick questions got
feedback from 2 000 of his clients
and essentially they said whilst the
design is quite cool
it's a bit too much of an agency feel
they prefer more of a template cookie
cutter where they can
quickly get to the packages the hosting
services they need
quickly find them and check out so what
initially they we thought looked really
great
after working with the actual customers
who are using the site
itself getting their feedback we're then
going to update it
to match what the customers needs so the
takeaway is
stop designing websites or landing pages
around your own ego
actually talk to your customers and
they're going to give you the gold you
need
to design websites and ultimately get
the conversions get the leads or get the
sales and get the results that you want
to grow revenue and grow your business